README.md, before:

# Capistrano::pm2 [![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/capistrano-pm2.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/capistrano-pm2)

nodejs [pm2](https://github.com/Unitech/pm2) support for Capistrano 3.x

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'capistrano', '~> 3.1.0'
gem 'capistrano-pm2'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install capistrano-pm2

## Usage

Require in `Capfile` to use the default task:

```ruby
require 'capistrano/pm2'
```

The task will run before `deploy:restart` as part of Capistrano's default deploy,
or can be run in isolation with `cap production pm2:restart`. You can also invoke it in your `deploy.rb`:
```ruby
namespace :deploy do
  desc 'Restart application'
  task :restart do
    # invoke 'npm:install'
    invoke 'pm2:restart'
  end

  after :publishing, :restart
end
```


Available Tasks
```ruby
cap pm2:delete                     # Delete pm2 application
cap pm2:list                       # Show pm2 application info
cap pm2:logs                       # Watch pm2 logs
cap pm2:restart                    # Restart app gracefully
cap pm2:setup                      # Install pm2 via npm on the remote host
cap pm2:start                      # Start pm2 application
cap pm2:status                     # List all pm2 applications
cap pm2:stop                       # Stop pm2 application
```

Configurable options:
```ruby
set :pm2_app_command, 'main.js'                   # default, runs main.js
set :pm2_app_name, nil                            # app name for pm2, default cap :application
set :pm2_target_path, -> { release_path.join('subdir') } # default not set
set :pm2_roles, :all                              # default, cap roles to run on
set :pm2_env_variables, {}                        # default, env vars for pm2
set :pm2_start_params, ''                         # default, pm2 start params see http://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/quick-start/#cheat-sheet
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

update readme for new pm2:save task

README.md, after:

# Capistrano::pm2 [![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/capistrano-pm2.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/capistrano-pm2)

nodejs [pm2](https://github.com/Unitech/pm2) support for Capistrano 3.x

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'capistrano', '~> 3.1.0'
gem 'capistrano-pm2'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install capistrano-pm2

## Usage

Require in `Capfile` to use the default task:

```ruby
require 'capistrano/pm2'
```

The task will run before `deploy:restart` as part of Capistrano's default deploy,
or can be run in isolation with `cap production pm2:restart`. You can also invoke it in your `deploy.rb`:
```ruby
namespace :deploy do
  desc 'Restart application'
  task :restart do
    # invoke 'npm:install'
    invoke 'pm2:restart'
  end

  after :publishing, :restart
end
```


Available Tasks
```ruby
cap pm2:delete                     # Delete pm2 application
cap pm2:list                       # Show pm2 application info
cap pm2:logs                       # Watch pm2 logs
cap pm2:restart                    # Restart app gracefully
cap pm2:setup                      # Install pm2 via npm on the remote host
cap pm2:start                      # Start pm2 application
cap pm2:status                     # List all pm2 applications
cap pm2:stop                       # Stop pm2 application
cap pm2:save                       # Save pm2 state so it can be loaded after restart
```

Configurable options:
```ruby
set :pm2_app_command, 'main.js'                   # default, runs main.js
set :pm2_app_name, nil                            # app name for pm2, default cap :application
set :pm2_target_path, -> { release_path.join('subdir') } # default not set
set :pm2_roles, :all                              # default, cap roles to run on
set :pm2_env_variables, {}                        # default, env vars for pm2
set :pm2_start_params, ''                         # default, pm2 start params see http://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/quick-start/#cheat-sheet
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
